How did the day go?
How do you feel today?
How are you doing?
Anything interesting this week?
What scares you?
Do you have a plan? Do you need a plan? Have you had a plan fall spectacularly to pieces?
What is your take on soul mates?
Are you a worrier? Is there a particular worry that you can’t shake? How do you cope with worry?
Dear Past Me . . .
Dear Future Me . . .
Places you’ve enjoyed visiting.
Things you’ve done that you previously thought you could never do.
The people you most admire.
Your favorite books.
Your favorite movies.
Your favorite songs.
Your top five short term goals.
Your top five long term goals.
Nobody knows that I . . .
Dear ____, it weighs on me that I never told you . . .
The biggest lie I’ve ever told is . . .
Is there anything you feel guilty about?  Is there anything you need to be forgiven for?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done?
What’s your secret desire?
What’s the most outrageous thing you’ve ever done?
“If your daily life seems poor, do not blame it; tell yourself that you are not poet enough to call forth its riches.” — Rilke
“I have always imagined that Paradise will be some kind of library.” — Jorge Luis Borges
“Call it a clan, call it a network, call it a tribe, call it a family.  Whatever you call it, whoever you are, you need one.” — Jane Howard
“What in your life is calling you? When all the noise is silenced, the meetings adjourned, the lists laid aside, and the wild iris blooms by itself in the dark forest, what still pulls on your soul? In the silence between your heartbeats hides a summons, do you hear it? Name it, if you must, or leave it forever nameless, but why pretend it is not there?” — The Terma Collective
“Art is when you hear a knocking from your soul and you answer.”  Star Richés
The most terrifying moment of my life was . . .
The most fun I’ve ever had . . .
The most surprised I’ve ever been . . .
The most disappointed I’ve ever been . . .
What are you looking forward to the most?
My saddest memory is  . . .
Some of the things that make me happy are . . .
How do you deal with anger?
How easy is it for you to forgive those who have caused you pain?
What is the dominant emotion in your life right now?
My favorite Sunday ritual . . .
The Holiday traditions I most look forward to . . .
Things I always did with my dad when I was small . . .
Things I always did with my mom when I was little . . .
10 Activities
10 Restaurants
10 People
10 Foods
10 Games
6 Drinks/Beverages
4 Desserts
10 Paintings
10 Web Sites
10 Writers
10 Famous lines from books/movies
Three things you can’t go without.
Three celebrity crushes.
Three favorite book characters.
Three favorite things to wear.
Three things you want in a relationship.
If you had to evacuate your home because of a natural disaster, what three things would you take with you?
Three pet peeves.
Three things you’d do if you weren’t so afraid.
Three favorite TV shows.
If you could have dinner with anyone currently alive, who would it be?
If you could meet any fictional character, who would it be?
If you could change one thing about your present life, what would it be?
If you could live anywhere you wanted, where would you live?
If you could go back in time and change one things from your past, what would it be?
What was your favorite toy?
Did you ever get lost?
Who was your best friend in elementary school?
Did you ever run away from home?
As a child, what did you want to be when you grew up?
What was your favorite subject in school?
Who was your favorite teacher?
What’s your first memory?
What was your favorite cartoon?
What book did you read over and over again as a child?
What is your most vivid memory of the kitchen in your childhood?
As a child, who was your favorite relative?
Who made you feel good this week?
What was the biggest mistake you made this week?
What did you do this week that moved you closer to reaching your goals?
Is there anything you did this week that you wish you’d done differently?
What did you most enjoy doing this week?
How did you procrastinate on important tasks this week?
What did you learn this week?
What’s the funniest thing that happened to you this week?
Write a letter to someone you need to forgive.
Write a letter to someone who believed in you even when you didn’t believe in yourself.
Write a letter to be read by each of your loved ones after you’ve passed away.
Write a fan letter to your favorite actor/actress.
Write a letter to the editor of your favorite magazine telling them what features you would like to see included in the magazine.
Is there something you’re reluctant to tell someone?  Write a letter to help y0u organize your thoughts.
Write about your first dance.
Write about your first crush.
Write about your first week in college.
Write about your first job.
Write about the first apartment you ever rented.
When did you feel truly independent for the first time?
What would you do if you knew you could not fail?
What would you do if money were no object?
What would you ask for if a genie granted you three wishes?
What’s your wildest dream?
What would you do if you could live a day without consequences?
What grand adventure do you wish you could go on?
If you could become an expert in any subject or activity, what would it be?
What would your perfect day be like?
Close your eyes and imagine the kind of world you would like to see.  What is it like?
What makes you unique?
How do you stand out from the crowd?
What are your best character traits?
What are you really good at?
How would you describe yourself?
How would your best friend describe you?
What character traits do you need to work on?
What are some of your idiosyncrasies?
How do you indulge yourself?  Do you need to indulge yourself more often?
How do you think others see you when they meet you for the first time?
How would you like to make this world a better place? How can you best share your gifts with the world?
What qualities do you want in a romantic partner? What are the top ten characteristics that you look for in a romantic partner?
What are the top ten qualities a friend should have (treats people with respect; listens but doesn’t judge; has a quirky sense of humor; is an artist; lives with passion; doesn’t sweat the small stuff; is loyal and trustworthy)?
What would make you feel spiritually fulfilled?
What famous world festivals would you like to attend?
How does someone get into that job?
What’s the most challenging part about your job?
What do you love most about your job?
If you could start over again, would you choose the same career?
How would you describe your job to a 6-year-old? 
What was your childhood like?
What is your favorite memory from your childhood?
Do you feel your childhood was happier than most other people's?
As a child, what were you most afraid of?
Which wallpaper hung on your wall when you were a child?
What was your favorite piece of clothing you owed as a child?
What would change about the way you were raised?
What is the weirdest thing you believed in as a child?
What were your best friends like when you were a child?
How close are you with your family?
What is your relationship with your family like?
When was the last time you argued with your parents and why?
What do your parents do for a living?
What were your favorite family vacations?
What do you admire most about your parents?
What is your biggest fear?
What fear would you like to overcome?
What’s the one thing that drives you crazy?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever eaten? 
What are your favorite midnight snacks?
What is your favorite food and why?
What kind of food do you hate most?
What food did you like as a child that grosses you out now?
What do you and your friends do for fun?
How did you meet your best friend?
Have you ever been in love with your best friend?
How has your circle of friends changed over the course of your life?
What qualities do you value most in a friend?
What do you think is the best way to make friends?
What do you want to be doing in five years? How do you envision your life after college?
What was the worst purchase you’ve ever made?
What was the hardest thing you have ever done?
What’s one mistake you keep repeating?
Have you ever started writing a book? What happened?
Which recent news story stuck with you the most?
What is your most terrible memory?
What was the best birthday gift you’ve ever had?
As a kid, what did you want to be when you grew up?
What was the best birthday you ever had?
What was the best party you have been to?
Why do you think there are so many religions in the world?
What is your opinion about (recent news story)?
What do you hate most about first dates?
What do you like most about your country?
What do you think about [enter topic]?
Is there something that you've dreamt of doing for a long time? Why haven't you done it?
What are your passions in life?
What motivates you the most in life? What makes you feel discouraged or disengaged?
What is your biggest goal in life?
If you had to choose one activity that you had to do every single day for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Do you have any scars? How did you get them?
What is the first thing you remember after your birth?
What has caused you the most emotional pain in your life?
Have you ever believed in God?
What do you do when you can't fall asleep?
What makes you relax?
What do you value most in a friendship?
What does friendship mean to you?
What are you most proud of?
What do you like about yourself / hate about yourself?
What do you like to do when you want to relax?
What’s your favorite way to waste time?
What was the highlight of your week?
When do you feel most alone?
What are some strange believes that you have?
Have you ever won an award? What was it for?
What’s the strangest dream you've ever had?
What role does money play in your life?
For what in your life do you feel most grateful?
What is your favorite movie?
What is your favorite piece of jewellery you own?
What is your favorite type of clothing?
What are you doing with pleasure, that others don't enjoy at all?
Would you like to be famous? In what way?
Who is your role model/mentor?
What is the greatest accomplishment of your life?
What is the one thing that made you improve the most on a personal level?
What was the toughest period in your life?
What do you do to improve your mood when you are in a bad mood?
If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one quality or ability, what would it be?
What does a perfect day look like for you?
Do you have a morning ritual? What is it?
What is the best piece of advice you've received?
If you could sit down with your 15-year old self, what would you tell him or her?
What was your New Year’s resolution this year? Did you break it? How long did it take you to break it?
What turns you on most?
What is your favorite sex position?
What was the craziest sex dream you’ve had?
What do you think about SM?
What would you like to try sexually, that you haven’t tried yet?
What is an experience that the opposite sex can have and you can’t, but that you would like to make?
Do you have a secret nobody knows about? Tell me about it.
When was the last time you peed in your pants?
When did you last cry in front of another person?
What is the closest you ever gotten to being famous?
What’s your funniest “drunk” story?
What was the most embarrassing moment in your life so far?
What's the craziest thing you've ever done?
Have you ever experienced something paranormal?
 What is your craziest dating story?
Which book are you ashamed to admit you love?
If you ruled the world, what would you change?
If you could go back or forth in time but never come back, what would you do?
If you had $10 million in the bank, what would you be doing differently?
If someone could tell you the truth about the future, what would you want to know?
Given the choice of anyone in the world, alive or dead whom would you want to have a meaningful conversation with?
If you knew that in one year you died suddenly, would you change anything about the way you are living now?
If tomorrow was your last day, how would you spend it?
If you were to die this evening with no opportunity to communicate with anyone, what would you most regret not having told someone? Why haven't you told them yet?
If you could choose a superpower, what would it be and why?
What would you choose to eat if you had to eat it every day for the rest of your life?
If you could master any instrument, what would it be?
What would you do if you only had 7 days left to live?
If you could have any animal as a pet, what animal would you choose?
What three things would you bring to a deserted island?
What are the most interesting things to see in your country? 
When and where was your best vacation?
Which country would you like to live in?
What is the farthest county you have ever been in?
What is the most exotic place you have visited?
Did I criticize myself today?
Can I let go of self-criticism, accepting myself and even my poor habits as I work to improve?
What could I have been grateful for today, but I wasn’t yet? Then journal the gratitude now, and also look at why I didn’t feel gratitude right away, honor that, write it down, and let it go.
What old, unhealthy habit did I do today? What do I really need so that I can let go of that habit?
Did I resist or avoid any chances to learn today?
Did I resist or avoid any chances to help out today?
What healthy ways did have fun today?
What did I do that was creative?
What do I want to do that is creative, or more creative?
What was one high point of my day?
What was one low point of my day?
Is there any act or belief that you want to change?
Was there anything that you regret?
Is there anything you could help another person with?
What could you do differently?
If you could rewrite a certain scene in your life, what would you change?
Was there anything that you would have liked to do, but didn't?
What was the best thing you did today?
In what way am I better off today than I was one years ago?
What did I learn from life today?
What's one reason to love my life today?
What are the highest and lowest points of your life?
How have your strengths help you to succeed? How have your faults hindered you?
What are your biggest goals for your life? What progress have you made in attaining them?
Who are you really? Who is behind the mask that you show to the rest of the world?
What is holding you back from being the person you want to be?